My name is (Roger) Evan Coffey, and I'm a web developer living in Austin, TX.  I just finished an A.S. in Computer Science, to pair with my B.M.E. in Instrumental Music Education, and I'm ready to get my hands dirty writing some code.  Let me tell you how I got here.

In 2009, I graduated from The University of Southern Mississippi with my B.M.E..  At that time, I had the option to start working immediately as a band director, or go to one of the best schools in the country for music theory, on a teaching assistantship.  I chose to go to Florida State University and study music theory.

After a year, I knew that I had made a mistake.  I did not have the talent or passion required to succeed as a composer or music theorist, and even finishing the degree, in my eyes, would have been a waste of time and money.  So, after two semesters of teaching and learning, I left on good terms with my peers and professors.

Turned off from music, I decided to do the same work I had been doing periodically throughout college - waiting tables.  I started at The Olive Garden, and after 3 years, I was at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse.  I stayed there until I finished my A.S.

Along the way, I moved quite a few times, "found myself", and got married.  2010-2014 were a whirlwind few years, where I lived in Florida, Mississippi, California, and Texas, and worked at several different restaurants, including Bonefish Grill, Outback Steakhouse, and Roy's Hawaiian Fusion.

Most recently, in late 2016, I decided to specialize in Web Development and enroll in the Coding Boot Camp at UT Austin.  I've been studying there since October 2016 and will finish the program in April 2017.  I'm very excited to finally have a career that plays to my strengths, even if I have to "start from scratch".

In my free time, I keep up with new music, and I'm also a bit of a film buff.  However, my main focuses in life right now are learning to be a better programmer and setting up a future for myself and my wife.  I'm eager to find a position where I can show off my skills and contribute to something bigger than myself.